This pond belongs to everyone
No, it's home.
This pond was dug by my father before he died
Because our land is prone to drought.
So the process was to dig this pond before he died
When it rains, you can get out of the water.
So when there is a drought
We can water the ground
OK, then you write it down
I want sugar cane.
Lotus root porcelain mushroom
rice
Peanuts and cabbage, these seeds or seedlings
Oh yes, and fry
I can do this with my crash course.
Okay, just in time. I'm going to the market tomorrow.
Another day, I'll show you my mountain.
Ah, it's finally done!
I'm going home.
Our little doctor Zhang
It's still very hard
How did it go?
Do you want Sister Wei to go home and make up for it for you?
Help! You're a doctor
Miss, please save us.
Save the rich woman
If we don't save him, he might die
Go, go, go
Let's save people first